Real Estate News. Our inventory's up. It's been climbing over the last couple months. Just a couple months ago, we had about 200 less active units for sale in San Francisco.

The speed of which those listings are being absorbed, though, hasn't changed much since the end of last year. That would have been 2025.

So as we're past the middle of May, today, May 17th, we are watching as real estate's continuing to move, but just not as fast of a pace that we had hoped.

Now, what's ended up happening is those interest rates, because of the economic world and what's happening out there with the wars and the oil and the fuel, it's affecting those interest rates.

Right now, a lot of people don't have a lot of confidence in the 10-year bond, so they're not out there buying those hand over fist, and that is the direct impact consolation prize for interest rates. They happen to go up.

Now, when the world gets more settled, hopefully it will sometime soon, then people are going to start buying in to the 10-year bond. Hopefully those mortgage rates are going to go down.

Also, from what I understand, there's a new Fed chair. I believe that's been confirmed. Once he takes in, maybe that's going to make some economic adjustments as well. We'll have to keep our eye on it.

But when you want to see what's happening here in the local valley, all you have to do is go to sellersonlyagent.com forward slash blog. There's lots of information there for both sellers and buyers.

And for you buyers, word of advice — I did a video about the investigations even before writing an offer if in fact you're able to. Time is of the essence. You — if the market's super hot, sometimes people write offers without including any kind of a contingency period.

So, I mean, they're on the hook for that deposit immediately, right away, right after escrow opens. That's a sticky place to be, especially if you're not really sure what the house entails besides your first glance. You haven't had a chance to hire inspectors. You haven't had a chance to read the disclosures. Maybe there was a quadruple-triple murder-suicide. Is that twelve? Anyway, it's a thing.

But in some cases of the disclosure process, you're not good with seeing that on the disclosure. So if you are going out there writing offers without any kind of a contingency period, investigation period, you might want to have a talk with your agent and find out why that is.

And maybe the market is causing that kind of a scenario. But even when the market was the hottest down here in Santa Clarita, not so many years ago, we did see a lot of people writing offers completely removing all of their contingencies out of the gate because they just had to buy the house they wanted. To get it, in some cases those people actually went to look at the property with a home inspector. We saw that on a couple of different occasions as well. So there's more than one way to kind of skin this thing.

If you're looking to move rather quickly — but right now that really isn't the market currently.

For your sellers out there, what's most important for you right now as we breach past the halfway point in May is making sure that when you're doing valuations on your property, you get that correct.

Now, you can go online and punch in your property address, but understand — once you do, your property address, even absent your name, your email address, and any other personal information, once you go in to make that online inquiry, your property will be monitored and become a target.

The AI systems out there are monitoring that within Zillow, Redfin, Realtor.com, within all the syndication sites. And I know some of them are Realtor sites, but, you know, I think loyalty is with a pocketbook and greenbacks more than anything else.

So your information is then all of a sudden going to get sent or tabulated in some way, put in some system, and you're going to be followed up with. And in fact, you're probably going to see all of your other social media outlets start to light up with real estate types of ads and marketing focused right at you.

Find that local agent that has maybe a different kind of a view, different kind of a strategy. You can go to sellersonlyagent.com. I would be honored.

And I'm Connor. We'll see you in the next one. Thanks for watching this real estate update, May 17th, and today I'm 57. How exciting. See you tomorrow. Thanks for watching.
